# Changelog

## [2.2.1](https://github.com/ScottKirvan/UE_QuickLaunch/compare/v2.2.0...v2.2.1) (2026-07-04)


### Bug Fixes

* add update-changelog-prs job to release workflow ([260ec03](https://github.com/ScottKirvan/UE_QuickLaunch/commit/260ec038c78e8dd60cc866ba390b63bc3f514d8d))

## [2.2.0](https://github.com/ScottKirvan/UE_QuickLaunch/compare/v2.1.2...v2.2.0) (2026-06-30)


### Features

* add release-please, docs workflow, and VitePress stub ([e1f2267](https://github.com/ScottKirvan/UE_QuickLaunch/commit/e1f22673d2945ad84a04daa5153b6bd7eb9093ac))


### Bug Fixes

* add bootstrap-sha to release-please config ([be03b2a](https://github.com/ScottKirvan/UE_QuickLaunch/commit/be03b2a77e813ffb8a85d508ba55bc6407d2204b))
* convert release-please config to packages structure ([ad351ff](https://github.com/ScottKirvan/UE_QuickLaunch/commit/ad351ff0b72d69cc86f1ad674bbc8f302bfbcb83))
* force a release ([fc8397c](https://github.com/ScottKirvan/UE_QuickLaunch/commit/fc8397cdb13ea8a2931f888351da993252f9b9cf))
* force new build ([08001a5](https://github.com/ScottKirvan/UE_QuickLaunch/commit/08001a5932df40ccabe691591483ec27a4cded0e))
* update Discord invite URL to correct server link ([bf96b57](https://github.com/ScottKirvan/UE_QuickLaunch/commit/bf96b5733d75642a95f4ac3c524dc4fde1fc6662))

Changelog
=========
All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.
The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/), and this project 
adheres to  [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

[Unreleased]
============
- no noted unreleased changes

[2.1.2] - 2024-11-30
------------
### Fixed
- Touch Interface was enabled by default in the UE template project - this patch turns that back off - srry :-)
- sets r.Substrate.BytesPerPixel=128 in the template project - this fixes clearcoats in substrate (this is normally broken in 
  UE's default projects too - this just sets it up to work by default.)

[2.1.0] - 
------------
### Added
- User can now select target directory during install
- Added license text (MIT license) to installer
- QuickLaunch now supports project templates:  Add a
`ue_quicklaunch_template` folder and the folder's contents will be used
as a template to create your new project.  The UE_QuickLauncher looks for
the `ue_quicklaunch_folder` in it's install directory.  The template's
`uproject` file should be named, `ue_quicklaunch_template.uproject`. A
UE5 template is now installed as an option in the installer.
- A shortcut to the documentation (on github) has been added.
- The installer includes a default, example UE5 template that can be
installed.
### Changed
- By default, the installer now installs into a `UE_QuickLaunch` folder
instead of `SKVFX UE_QuickLaunch`.
### Fixed
- More robust error checking an correction of unsupported characters in
`uproject` filenames

[Released]
============

[2.0.1] - 2023-08-26
------------
### Fixed
- MSI installer depended on a .cab file that wasn't downloaded with
the release.  The cab is now embedded in the MSI file.

[2.0.0] - 2023-08-16
------------
### Added
- added an MSI installer

  - This refactors the entire project and puts it under the management
  of an msvc Solution.  

  - The binary resource dll is no longer included, precompiled, in the
  repo, it will now be packaged into a proper github release

[1.0.3] - 2023-05-06
------------
### Added
- The autogenerated uproject file name now tries to follow proper unreal
engine standards - no spaces, no dashes, must start with an alphabetic
character, etc.

[1.0.2] - 2023-04-27
------------
### Fixed
- I left in a pause at the end of the batch script that launches unreal.
This is nice to have for debugging and seeing what's going on, but not
necessary, so I removed it.

[1.0.1] - 2023-04-27
------------
### Fixed
- last thing I did yesterday was add a "click on uproject" mode.
Epic Games Launcher sees the change
to how it wants those registry keys set and resets them.  I removed
this feature for now -- will see if I can't figure out my own handler
for this later.

[1.0.0] - 2023-04-27
------------
### Added
- several new feature, an installer and an uninstaller, a vscode project
for a reserource-only dll, which provides a pretty icon for us, and some
initial documentation
### Refactored
- tons.  Initial check-in was for safety first.

[0.0.1] - 2023-04-26
------------
### Added
- initial repo/template check-in

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Changelog Template:
------------

- **Added** - for new features.
- **Changed** - for changes in existing functionality.
- **Depricated** - for soon-to-be removed features.
- **Removed** - for now removed features.
- **Fixed** - for any bug fixes.
- **Refactored** - no functional changes, just cleanup or reorganizing.
- **Security** - in case of vulnerabilities.
